Tracker is an iOS application and accompanying website designed to track a user's workouts. Though it was designed specifically for rowing, Tracker may be used to track any type of workout as it records instantaneous position, speed, distance, and elapsed time while running. While the application is running, it displays the user's speed as 500m splits, which is standard in rowing, though it displays speeds in meters per second afterwards as this is more standard in other disciplines (while also being widely used in rowing).

After completing a workout, users can view summary data in the app which includes a map displaying their path, or upload the workout to the website. Users can sign in or sign up for an account within the app or online at tracker.tpsatt.com and upon uploading workouts to their accounts, users can also view workout data on the website. At tracker.tpsatt.com, users may view a list of all of their uploaded workouts, and click on them to see a map of their path, summary data, and a graph of their speed versus time.

The source code for the website and iOS application are included herein. The code for the website may be run locally if used with an Apache server or other means of running .php files, however the website also lives on my personal web hosting account at tracker.tpsatt.com. I have not submitted the app to the AppStore, so it may be run in iOS Simulator or installed on a device by opening the .xcodeproj file in the iOS App directory in Xcode. I have downloaded the database used for this project as a .sql file (my web hosting would not permit it to be downloaded as a .db file) and included this in the root directory. In the Website/sql.php file, I have removed the login information for my online database for security reasons, however it is still included in the live version online. Because of this, if you wish to actually use the database, the website must be tested online at tracker.tpsatt.com.